ON line of products "INFeel"
Use the attached Infeel logo below line of products.
 then below it is the line of products. in horizontal way thru vertical going down. 
 The images should be from the corner to corner. and the Download Product Guide change it to Download Catalog which will download the catalog from attached assets. Infeel_V17_digital_catalog_1759042493296


for the first product it is

INFEEL is a self-adhesive, thermo-formable and multi-purpose surface finish vinyl film which can be easily installed on walls, columns, ceilings, doors, moldings and any interior fixtures. INFEEL can be widely applied for commercial uses such as restaurants, hotels, hospitals, department stores, retails stores, auditoriums, airports, government offices and a lot more.. INFEEL can also be widely applied for residential uses, such as living rooms, bathrooms, kitchen areas, bedrooms, furniture and so on.INFEEL can be applied on various surfaces and materials with its light weight and flexibility. INFEEL is surprisingly simple and easy to install, clean and maintain.
It lowers the project costs and maintenance costs. INFEEL has fire retardant and flame resistance treatments and it is certified worldwide.INFEEL has abrasion resistance, dimensional stability, heat resistance, damp resistance, cold temperature resistance and stain resistance.INFEEL has 345 patterns with various colors, and designs, incorporating the latest trends in interior design industry.


2nd product is 

DecoBlu Luxury Vinyl Flooring (use the logo attached)
DECOBLU vinyl flooring is innovative, high-performing and durable product that is produced and sold in plank and tile format. DECOBLU vinyl flooring is available in glue down type, click type and loose lay type. DECOBLU vinyl flooring has 120 designs, colors and patterns which can meet various needs and demand. DECOBLU vinyl flooring brings out the richness and texture of expensive natural materials, such as real woods, abstracts, carpets, stones, granites, fabrics and marbles with lower cost. DECOBLU vinyl flooring is easy for cleaning and easy for installation. DECOBLU vinyl flooring is 100% recyclable, environment friendly product. DECOBLU vinyl flooring is finished with high density UV coating which assures the product durability. Nano silver coating technology used on the product enables the product to stay clean and to be safe from bacteria. DECOBLU vinyl flooring, designed with various technologies, is tough and resilient enough for today’s busy lifestyle.

3rd product is 
DecoBlu Window Films use the logo attached
DECOBLU INC. provides competitive solar optical window films with advanced technology. DECOBLU INC. offers high-quality automotive window films, architectural window films for both commercial and residential uses, safety films, security films and anti-graffiti films.
AUTOMOTIVE FILMS
DECOBLU Automotive films can reduce heat, control harmful UV rays by more than 99%, add the style and enhance the privacy. We supply Dyed, Dyed metal, Ceramic IR series and more. DECOBLU Automotive films improve comfort and protect car interiors and the people.
ARCHITECTURAL FILMS
DECOBLU Architectural films are the most efficient solution to reduce unnecessary energy consuming and reject harmful UV rays. We supply silver films, sputtering films, IR films, ECO series films, ICEQUEEN series films and premium IR films.
SAFETY & SECURITY FILMS
DECOBLU Safety & Security films provide effective defense from glass fragments and splinters in the event of glass breaking. DECOBLU safety & security films block 99% of the harmful UV rays, protect glass shards, and control solar heat. Having super optical clarity, our films have characteristics of no yellowing, no delaminating, no rainbow, and no orange peel.
ANTI-GRAFFITI FILMS
DECOBLU Anti-graffiti films improve safety, increase durability of the glass and protect 99% UV.
Defaced Anti-graffiti films can be easily removed and replaced with other Anti-griffiti film inexpensively.
 

last product is POV Window Films use the logo attached

POV window films are designed and created exclusively to be applied on glass surfaces. These shatter-proof decorative films can be used to control light and reject 98% of the UV rays. Specially printed POV films protect privacy of the residential houses and also the commercial areas such as offices, stores and common areas. POV is made of the same special adhesive and film that are used for safety films and there for it functions similarly to the safety film in the event of glass breaking. Differently from PVC window films, POV has excellent dimensional stability and scratch resistance. Wide range of designs and patterns creates wonderfully designed interior space.



